from
Drill in a single swimming fountain Hammering Metropolis
the rediscovery of the most famous German silent film with the orchestra
double-wilhelm
Fritz Lang's masterpiece Metropolis from 1927 is set for the events
Immediately the only completely bookable movie concept production of this kind
the contrasting original composition by Gottfried Huppertz Version for
small orchestra has not been played tired since the end of World War II
the orchestra Franz falls writes with his performance after more than 80
Years the success story of this eternal cinematographic works is as well
his own wife
In 2001 Metropolis became the first UNESCO World Heritage Site
Film ever recorded In 2009, the film concept in his
original version first presented in Weimar Castle
who it live music Event Metropolis is unique in this orchestration
Immediately it plays next to regimes not intoxicating the next and
sparkling concerts to the fixed repertoire of the orchestra free and
Streller from Weimar
they are looking for the artistically extraordinary
the special
the unprecedented
dive into the world of
Metropolis Kastner rank